Adds `m365 spo tenant homesite add`. Closes #6488 (#6533)
pnp/cli-microsoft365: docs/docs/cmd/spo/tenant/tenant-homesite-add.mdx

import Global from '/docs/cmd/_global.mdx';
import Tabs from '@theme/Tabs';
import TabItem from '@theme/TabItem';

# spo tenant homesite add

Add a Home Site.

## Usage

```sh
m365 spo tenant homesite add [options]
```

## Options

```md definition-list
`-u, --url <url>`
: URL of the site to set as the home site.

`--isInDraftMode [isInDraftMode]`
: Specifies whether the home site is in draft mode. Accepts `true` or `false`.

`--vivaConnectionsDefaultStart [vivaConnectionsDefaultStart]`
: Specifies whether the home site is the default start for Viva Connections. Accepts `true` or `false`.

`--audiences [audiences]`
: Comma-separated list of audience GUIDs.

`--order [order]`
: Order of the home site. Must be an integer.
```

> 

Author: @milanholemans : how do you specify the global options in the documentation?

> 

Reviewer: By using the default component:

https://github.com/pnp/cli-microsoft365/blob/f5e6f85a45557c6c37a1294e033fea885b03bd31/docs/docs/cmd/flow/flow-disable.mdx?plain=1#L26

You can check any other command doc to see how it's being used.

import Global from '/docs/cmd/_global.mdx';
import Tabs from '@theme/Tabs';
import TabItem from '@theme/TabItem';

> # spo tenant homesite add

Reviewer: Let's rename everything from `spo tenant homesite add` to `spo homesite add`.

> Adds a Home Site.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Adds a home site.
```

## Usage

```sh
m365 spo tenant homesite add [options]
```

## Options

```md definition-list
`-u, --url <url>`
: URL of the site to use as a home site.

`--isInDraftMode [isInDraftMode]`
: Specifies whether the home site is in draft mode. Accepts `true` or `false`. Default is true. 

`--vivaConnectionsDefaultStart [vivaConnectionsDefaultStart]`
: Specifies whether the home site is the default start for Viva Connections. Accepts `true` or `false`. Default is true

`--audiences [audiences]`

> : Comma-separated list of audience GUIDs which are GUIDs of Microsoft Entra groups.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
: Comma-separated list of Microsoft Entra group IDs that will be used as audience.
```

`--order [order]`
: Order of the home site. Must be an integer.
```

<Global />

## Remarks

> The corresponding site must already be present within the tenant.

Reviewer: Let's remove this remark.

## Examples

> Add a Home Site

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add a home site
```

```sh
m365 spo tenant homesite add --url "https://contoso.sharepoint.com/sites/testcomms"
```

> Add a Home Site with optional parameters

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add a home site with additional options
```

```sh
m365 spo tenant homesite add --url "https://contoso.sharepoint.com/sites/testcomms" --isInDraftMode true --vivaConnectionsDefaultStart false --audiences "af8c0bc8-7b1b-44b4-b087-ffcc8df70d16,754ff15c-76b1-44cb-88c7-0065a4d3cfb7" --order 2 
```

## Response

<Tabs>
  <TabItem value="JSON">

  ```json
  {
    "Audiences": [

>       {
>       "Email": "active@contoso.onmicrosoft.com",
>       "Id": "7a1eea7f-9ab0-40ff-8f2e-0083d9d63451",
>       "Title": "active Members"
>       }

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      {
        "Email": "active@contoso.onmicrosoft.com",
        "Id": "7a1eea7f-9ab0-40ff-8f2e-0083d9d63451",
        "Title": "active Members"
      }
```
